[EN]
Cursor Game Guide

Welcome to the Cursor Game guide! Here we will look at how to play the game and let's get started!

How to play
To get started, open the game. Go to the place where you downloaded it and open the file. Then you need to click "Start". You can also find out the details and exit. So, we are in the level 1 menu. You can click "Start!" and "Back". Starting the level. The level itself is in front of us. Try to follow only the blue space and the signs.
Coins and gray blocks appear from the 3rd level: it is not necessary to collect coins. You can go through the gray blocks. Triggers have also appeared on the level: when you collect a coin, the passage will close.
At level 4, spikes are waiting for you - they are similar to black blocks, because they also cannot be touched with the cursor.
• The spikes take up less space than the block, since the spike acts exclusively in a triangular shape. You will not be able to touch it if your cursor is within the radius of the block, but you cannot touch the spike in a triangular shape — you will lose.

What do coins give?
Coins are part of the game level. If you collect them, it won't be easy to get out. Also, after collecting coins, you will see coins on the applause screen. You will also have a hint about this on the coin levels screen.
Coins give you an advantage over other players: getting a coin is much more difficult than completing a level without it. Move the cursor over the coin: and it will be collected. In addition, the sound of a coin will be played.

How the game was made
Our team created the game in Microsoft PowerPoint. We designed it using Canva: we took some elements from Icons8 and from the internal Canva library.
• All in-game objects are used legally, as they are not subject to copyright. All the drawings taken are in the public domain and authorized to be used for commercial purposes.

[RU]
Гайд Cursor Game

Добро пожаловать в гайд по игре Cursor Game! Здесь мы рассмотрим, как играть в игрую Приступим!

Как играть
Для начала, откройте игру. Зайдите в место, куда Вы её скачали, и откройте файл. Затем нужно нажать "Начать". Также можно узнать подробности и выйти. Итак, мы в меню 1 уровня. Можно нажать "Начать!" и "Назад". Начинаем уровень. Перед нами сам уровень. Попытайтесь идти только по синему пространству и указателям.
С 3 уровня появляются монетки и серые блоки: монетки собирать не обязательно. Можно проходить через серые блоки. Также на уровне появились триггеры: когда Вы соберёте монетку, проход закроется.
На 4 уровне Вас поджидают шипы - они аналогичны чёрным блокам, потому что их тоже нельзя задевать курсором.
•	Шипы занимают меньше места, чем блок, так как шип действует исключительно по треугольной форме. У Вас не получится задеть его, если Ваш курсор будет находиться в радиусе действия блока, но по треугольной форме задевать шип нельзя — Вы проиграете.

Что дают монетки
Монетки - часть игрового уровня. Если Вы их соберёте, то выбраться будет нелегко. Также, собрав монетки, на экране аплодисментов у Вас отобразятся монетки. Также на экране уровней с монетками у Вас будет об этом подсказка.
Монетки дают Вам преимущество перед другими игроками: получить монетку намного сложней, чем пройти уровень без неё. Наведите курсор на монетку: и она будет собрана. К тому же, проиграется звук монетки.

Как была сделана игра
Игру наша команда создавала в Microsoft PowerPoint. Мы оформили дизайн с помощью Canva: взяли некоторые элементы с Icons8 и из внутренней библиотеки Canva.
•	Все внутриигровые объекты использованы законно, так как на них не действует авторское право. Все взятые рисунки находятся в общественном достоянии и санкционировано могут использоваться в коммерческих целях. 
